BD-2542: Olo Partner Documentation (#6383)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/ecommerce/olo.md

| Braze Data Transformation | A [Data Transformation URL]({{site.baseurl}}/data_transformation/) is necessary to receive data from Olo. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

A webhook is a way for Olo to send event-driven information to Braze about users and their actions, including events like Order Placed, Guest Opt In, Order Picked Up and more. The Olo Webhook delivers the event to Braze generally within seconds of the action being performed.

## Disclaimer

In Olo, you're limited to one webhook per environment for each approved brand, all sent to the same **Destination URL**. Different brands can have different URLs, but events from the same brand must share a URL. In Braze, this means you can make only one transformation for use with Olo.

To handle multiple Olo events within this single transformation, look for the `X-Olo-Event-Type` header in each webhook. This header lets you conditionally process different Olo events.

## Integration

### Step 1: Set up the Braze Data Transformation to accept Olo's test event {#step-1}

> > Add an includes of https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/data_and_analytics/data_transformation/creating_a_transformation/#step-2-create-a-transformation

Reviewer: Not sure what this is saying. Is it partially written?

Author: Oh my goodness!! Thank you for catching this 😭

{% alert note %}
`OAuth` and the `X-Olo-Signature` header shared secret are not needed for the transformation.
{% endalert %}

{:start="3"}
3. Verify that the webhook is configured correctly by sending a [Test Event][3] to your Data Transformation. Only Olo Dashboard users with the [Developer Tools permission][4] can send Test Events.

Olo requires a successful response from the Test Event webhook before you will be able to complete the Olo webhook configuration process.

### Step 3: Write transformation code to accept your chosen Olo events

In this step, you will transform the webhook payload that will be sent from the source platform to a JavaScript object return value.

1. Send a request to your Data Transformation URL with a sample event payload of an Olo event you intend to support. See [request body format](#request-body-format) for help formatting your request.
2. Refresh your Data Transformation and make sure you can see the sample event payload in the **Webhook Details**.
3. Update your Data Transformation code to support your chosen Olo events.
4. Click **Validate** to return a preview of your code’s output and to check if it’s an acceptable `/users/track` request.

> 5. Save and Activate your Data Transformation.

Reviewer: I'm not sure which one is accurate, or if the formatting should be different:

```suggestion
5. **Save and Activate** your Data Transformation.
```
or

```suggestion
5. Save and activate your Data Transformation.
```

> 5. Save and Activate your Data Transformation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Save and activate your Data Transformation.
```
I assume this isn't UI because there isn't a "click" or "select" at the start of the sentence.

					"subscription_state": emailSubscriptionGroup
				},
				{
					"subscription_group_id": "6440ba26-86ea-47db-a935-6647941dc78b",
					"subscription_state": smsSubscriptionGroup
				}
			]
		}]
	}; // if the X-Olo-Event-Type header is 'OrderPlaced', build the /users/track request to log an event to the user profile
} else if (event_type == "OrderPlaced") {
	brazecall = {
		"events": [{
			"external_id": payload.customer.customerId.toString(),
			"_update_existing_only": false,
			"name": "Order Placed",
			"time": new Date().toISOString(),
			"properties": {
				"Delivery Method": payload.deliveryMethod,
				"Items": payload.items,
				"Total": payload.totals.total,
				"Location": payload.location.name
			}
		}]
	};
} else { // if the X-Olo-Event-Type header is anything else, build the /users/track request to log an event to the user profile
	brazecall = {
		"events": [{
			"external_id": payload.customer.customerId.toString(),
			"_update_existing_only": true,
			"name": "Another Event",
			"time": new Date().toISOString()
		}]

	};
}

// return `brazecall` to create an output.

return brazecall;
```

### Step 4: Publish your Olo webhook

> After you have activated your Data Transformation in Braze, use the [self-service webhooks tool][2] within the Olo dashboard to publish your webhook. Once the webhook has been published, the Data Transformation will start to receive Olo webhook event messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have activated your Data Transformation in Braze, use the [self-service webhooks tool][2] within the Olo dashboard to publish your webhook. When the webhook is published, the Data Transformation will start to receive Olo webhook event messages.
```
